What a pure and noble day, here comes slightly into me. I thought it’d be great in a novel...
I used to know that life was simply a dream. I wake up in the morning as if nothing happened the other day until I realise, I breathe.
If only sun didn’t show its teeth, You wouldn’t know the priceless heat extremely burning inside Your body. 
If only sky didn’t turn black, You wouldn’t know the painful mystery upon a legendary ash piercing through lively sithe.
There she goes, sits under the old tree in a gloomy day wondering what mistake did she ever make. The wind itself tells everything when a bottle disagree to get into the hole. She tries again deliberately. Supposed meddling is a word that describes me, I hardly believe she is in a second possible condition that could have occured. They call it “I want to be alone”. In a blink of an eye “Don’t!”, I grab the bottle slightly her hand while she was going to throw it. “You won’t get it into the hole even hundred times You try to.” Speaking of nonsense, expert always comes in a hard way. According to psychological study at Genocide University, Nottingham, human brain wasted most 97% of its total capacity to store up to 5 emotions at once, resulted an intriguing motoric acts which Your aim gonna be sucks. Yeah, it’s all nonsense though... yet I believe it. Put it simply, You can predict the ending of our story that day, if You know me well. I guess.
Live in a life so called poem absolutely dazzling. Flow like a water finding its true path, fly up high the sky like clouds fullfil our nightmare, I keep having this on my mind “Am I merely an ordinary?”. If this life was a comic book, I’d have known that nothing could ever changed what is gonna be happened. Step out fellas, Your true color will be revealed to the unknown world, well basically lots say that. I figure out, I mean am figuring out what’s is going to happen, what’s going to be unveiled, seized, and destroyed while trying to be an ordinary. You can smile as if You immersed into Your role but, what if... what if... that is gonna be the last unfairly linked link upon Your life? Funny isn’t it? Thought so sociopath! Yeah odd things happened, exploration along integration of sustainability. “Enough? Guess not”. A boy so called dreamer announces hereby, things cannot be done until someone manages to interrupt.
Whatever, You have arrived at the front gate of Death River. Mostly said that it was built under stressed by an orphan, orphans. I assumed that it was nonsense until I found bodies all over the damned river, it’s way cooler to call, isn’t it? What I’m going to say is somehow You just have to believe even if it’s suffocating, it’s killing, it’s pissing You off. Stupid, idiot, retard, those are words not with plenty meanings, hidden persuasive motive, moreover referred to distinctive inhabitual hypocrites. Leaving few blank pages would be great rather than blank comments, don’t you think so? Hatred causes mistreat upon someone longetivity. Human is free subjectively having independent personal cases, it’s true because so called personal.
I’m leaving these blank lines. Thus, those who are chosen, unfortunately got to see what the others can’t. 

Te veo pronto, adiós
13218024
